Welcome to this module,
this module is about axios, a popular package for making http requests from javascript applications.
So it's not specific to vue,
you can use it in any javascript application but of course vuejs uses javascript and therefore,
you may use axios in vue applications.
It's essentially an alternative to vue resource which you learned about earlier in this course
and here's one thing I definitely want to point out,
there is nothing wrong with using vue resource.
I covered it in this course because it is also a popular pick for vue applications but if you don't like
it or if you want to use axios because you know it from other applications or because it looks interesting
to you, feel free to do so,
both are fine,
none of them is insecure or not recommended or anything like that,
you may choose whichever you want.
So with that let's cover axios and let's learn how it works and how we may integrate it into a vue application
in this module.